Psalm 47 to the chief musician a psalm
Psalm 47 to the chief musician a psalm of the sons of korah o clap your hands
of the sons of korah o clap your hands
of the sons of korah o clap your hands all you peoples shout to God with the
all you peoples shout to God with the
all you peoples shout to God with the voice of triumph for the Lord Most High
voice of triumph for the Lord Most High
voice of triumph for the Lord Most High is awesome he is a great king over all
is awesome he is a great king over all
is awesome he is a great king over all the earth he will subdue the peoples
the earth he will subdue the peoples
the earth he will subdue the peoples under us and the nations under our feet
under us and the nations under our feet
under us and the nations under our feet he will choose our inheritance for us
he will choose our inheritance for us
he will choose our inheritance for us the excellence of Jacob whom he loves
the excellence of Jacob whom he loves
the excellence of Jacob whom he loves God has gone up with a shout a lord with
God has gone up with a shout a lord with
God has gone up with a shout a lord with a sound of a trumpet sing praises to God
a sound of a trumpet sing praises to God
a sound of a trumpet sing praises to God sing praises sing praises to our king
sing praises sing praises to our king
sing praises sing praises to our king sing praises for God is the king of all
sing praises for God is the king of all
sing praises for God is the king of all the earth sing praises with
the earth sing praises with
the earth sing praises with understanding God reigns over the
understanding God reigns over the
understanding God reigns over the nations God sits on his holy throne the
nations God sits on his holy throne the
nations God sits on his holy throne the princes of the people have gathered
princes of the people have gathered
princes of the people have gathered together the people of the God of
together the people of the God of
together the people of the God of Abraham for the shields of the earth
Abraham for the shields of the earth
Abraham for the shields of the earth belong to God he is break Lea exalted